Add configuration advice for use with ransack_memory (#1044)
kaminari/kaminari: README.md

end
```

### Configuring params_on_first_page when using ransack_memory

> If you are using the ransack_memory gem and experience problems navigating back to previous or first pages, set the `params_on_first_page` setting to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [the `ransack_memory` gem](https://github.com/richardrails/ransack_memory) and experience problems navigating back to the previous or first page, set the `params_on_first_page` setting to `true`.
```
